2024.9.1 (#34617)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_posts/2024-09-04-release-20249.markdown

  that is no longer available.

## Patch releases

> We will also release patch releases for Home Assistant 2024.8 in August. These

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will also release patch releases for Home Assistant 2024.9 in September. These
```
